README.md, before:

# WWW::YouTube

Raku package for getting metadata and transcripts of YouTube videos.

The Raku implementation closely follows the Wolfram Language function `YouTubeTranscript`, [AAf1]. 

------

## Installation 

From [Zef ecosystem](https://raku.land):

```
zef install WWW::YouTube
```

From GitHub:

```
zef install https://github.com/antononcube/Raku-WWW-YouTube.git
```

-----

## Usage examples

```raku
use WWW::YouTube;

my $transcript = youtube-transcript('ewU83vHwN8Y');

say $transcript.chars;

say $transcript.substr(^300);
```
```
# 35820
# hi everyone welcome to a wolf from
# language design review for version 14.3
# we are talking about LLM
# graph so
# okay so this is for the purpose of of
# knitting together LLM calls like LLM
# function type calls
# exactly
# to support more complex workflows
# um and and to have asynchronous calls to
# LLMs
# yes to w
```

Summarize using a Large Language Model (LLM):

```raku
use LLM::Functions;
use LLM::Prompts;

llm-synthesize(llm-prompt('Summarize')($transcript), e => 'Gemini')
```
```
# This discussion reviews the design of LLM graph, a tool for orchestrating LLM calls to create more complex workflows and asynchronous calls. The LLM graph uses nodes with prompts and dependencies, offering features like listable templates and conditional execution.  The design incorporates LLM function, node function, and test function, and the output is an association with results from each node.
```

-----

## CLI

The package provides a Command Line Interface (CLI) script. Here is its usage message:

```shell
youtube-transcript --help
```
```
# Usage:
#   youtube-transcript <id> -- Get YouTube transcripts.
#   
#     <id>    Video identifier
```

-----

## References

[AAf1] Anton Antonov,
[YouTubeTranscript](https://www.wolframcloud.com/obj/antononcube/DeployedResources/Function/YouTubeTranscript/),
(2025),
[Wolfram Function Repository](https://resources.wolframcloud.com/FunctionRepository/).

Commit message:

docs:Added "Usage" and "Details" sections.

README.md, after:

# WWW::YouTube

Raku package for getting metadata and transcripts of YouTube videos.

The Raku implementation closely follows the Wolfram Language function `YouTubeTranscript`, [AAf1]. 

------

## Installation 

From [Zef ecosystem](https://raku.land):

```
zef install WWW::YouTube
```

From GitHub:

```
zef install https://github.com/antononcube/Raku-WWW-YouTube.git
```

-----

## Usage

Get the transcript of the YouTube video with identifier `$id`:

`youtube-transcript($id)` 


----

## Details

- `youtube-transcript` extracts the captions of the video, if they exist.

- The transcript is returned as plain text.

- The YouTube Data API has usage quotas.

- Not all YouTube videos have automatic or manual captions. If no captions are available, the function returns a message indicating this.

- `youtube-transcript` processes "captionTracks" of the YouTube Data API, which is a field of YouTube's video metadata.

- The field "captionTracks" is an array of objects, where each object represents a single caption track (e.g., for a specific language or type).

- From "captionTracks" the "baseURL" string is extracted, which is the URL to fetch the caption content.

-----

## Examples

```raku
use WWW::YouTube;

my $transcript = youtube-transcript('ewU83vHwN8Y');

say $transcript.chars;

say $transcript.substr(^300);
```
```
# 35820
# hi everyone welcome to a wolf from
# language design review for version 14.3
# we are talking about LLM
# graph so
# okay so this is for the purpose of of
# knitting together LLM calls like LLM
# function type calls
# exactly
# to support more complex workflows
# um and and to have asynchronous calls to
# LLMs
# yes to w
```

Summarize using a Large Language Model (LLM):

```raku
use LLM::Functions;
use LLM::Prompts;

llm-synthesize(llm-prompt('Summarize')($transcript), e => 'Gemini')
```
```
# This language design review for version 14.3 introduces LLM graphs, which orchestrate LLM calls for complex workflows and asynchronous execution. LLM graphs encapsulate LLM functions within nodes, allowing for chaining and conditional execution. The design includes LLM graph submit for instantiation and information retrieval, offering a powerful update to LLM synthesize and a stepping stone toward more agentic workflows.
```

-----

## CLI

The package provides a Command Line Interface (CLI) script. Here is its usage message:

```shell
youtube-transcript --help
```
```
# Usage:
#   youtube-transcript <id> -- Get YouTube transcripts.
#   
#     <id>    Video identifier
```

-----

## References

[AAf1] Anton Antonov,
[YouTubeTranscript](https://www.wolframcloud.com/obj/antononcube/DeployedResources/Function/YouTubeTranscript/),
(2025),
[Wolfram Function Repository](https://resources.wolframcloud.com/FunctionRepository/).
